docs: add v5 upgrade section with IBC fix details and move Lotus to past upgrades (#2183)
celestiaorg/docs: how-to-guides/network-upgrade-process.md

- [CIP-32](https://cips.celestia.org/cip-032.html): Add Hyperlane to Celestia

Like the Ginger upgrade, this upgrade used the in-protocol signaling mechanism. The upgrade activated automatically after 5/6 of voting power signaled for a particular version and a delay period based on the network.

The delay periods for v4 were based on [celestia-app #4413](https://github.com/celestiaorg/celestia-app/issues/4413):

| Network      | Chain ID   | Date and time                      | Upgrade height | Delay period |
| ------------ | ---------- | ---------------------------------- | -------------- | ------------ |
| Arabica      | arabica-11 | 2025/05/16 07:51:35 UTC            | 5975265        | 1 day        |
| Mocha        | mocha-4    | 2025/07/01 11:51:58 UTC            | 6915786        | 2 days       |
| Mainnet Beta | celestia   | (Estimate) 2025/07/28 12:08:30 UTC | 6680339        | 7 days       |

### Upcoming Upgrades

:::warning
You **do not** need to use a tool like [cosmovisor](https://docs.cosmos.network/main/build/tooling/cosmovisor) to upgrade the binary. Please upgrade your binary before signaling support for the new version.
:::

#### v5 network upgrade

> The v5 network upgrade will include various improvements and features to the Celestia network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v5 network upgrade will include a fix for IBC compatibility.
```

Like previous upgrades, this upgrade will use the in-protocol signaling mechanism. The upgrade will automatically activate after 5/6 of voting power have signaled for a particular version and a delay period based on the network, in accordance with the table below.

> | Network      | Chain ID   | Date and time           | Upgrade height | Delay period |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Network      | Chain ID   | Date and time            | Upgrade height | Delay period |
```

| ------------ | ---------- | ------------- | -------------- | ------------ |

> | Arabica      | arabica-11 | TBD           | 7316464        | 1 block          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Arabica      | arabica-11 | TBD           | 7316464        | 1 block      |
```

> | Arabica      | arabica-11 | TBD           | 7316464        | 1 block      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Arabica      | arabica-11 | 2025/07/29 19:59:00 UTC           | 7316464        | 1 block      |
```

2025-07-29T19:58:55.462347512Z + 5 seconds

> | Mocha        | mocha-4    | TBD           | TBD            | TBD          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mocha        | mocha-4    | TBD           | TBD            | 1 block      |
```

> | Mainnet Beta | celestia   | TBD           | TBD            | TBD          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mainnet Beta | celestia   | TBD           | TBD            | 1 block      |
```

> | Mainnet Beta | celestia   | TBD                     | TBD            | 1 block      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mainnet Beta| celestia   | TBD                      | TBD            | 1 block       |
```
